Update 0.6 installation doc (#1697)
kubeflow/kfserving: README.md

To install standalone KFServing on [OpenShift Container Platform](https://www.openshift.com/products/container-platform), please follow the [instructions here](docs/OPENSHIFT_GUIDE.md).

#### KFServing with Kubeflow Installation
KFServing is installed by default as part of Kubeflow installation and KFServing controller is deployed in `kubeflow` namespace.

> :warning:
> 
> Do ensure that you do not deploy `InferenceService` in `kubeflow` namespace which is labelled as `control-plane` and it is system namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Do ensure that you do not deploy `InferenceService` in the `kubeflow` namespace which is labelled as `control-plane` and is a system namespace.
```
